>> Brian Holt: Let's go add this to CLAUDE
now, which I still have up over here,
I think.
Nope, I don't.
So we're just going to do this again.
Claude Settings, Developer Edit, config.
And then I'm going to drag that to VS
code and then we're going to edit that.
We're just going to do
basically the same thing again.
I put mine in a different place this time,
I think, didn't I?
This is going to be.
What do I call this?
Schema Server or
we'll call it Issues Server.
Because we'll end up reusing
this one later as well.
And I put this one in,
it's like MCP Issues Server.
What did I call it?
MCP Issue Tracker.
And this was called main, I think.
So an easy way to test that, I guess I
could just say cat, blah and there you go.
So that is correct cuz that's
the content of the file, right?
So now I should have an Issue
server available in my MCP servers.
So let's reopen Claude Desktop,
just a reminder,
Tome will not work with resources,
so don't bother trying it with Tome.
And I have Developer issues, so
now I can look at my Issue Server,
Open Logs folder and Issues Tracker.
What did I call it Issues Server.
And we can see what's wrong here.
Cannot find Module Desktop Weather js.
Did I not change the name of that?
Because that would be very embarrassing.
I just didn't save it.
I had changed it.
I just had not saved it.
Right there.
The dangers of copy and pasting,
which I'll never admit to,
but I guess that's probably helpful for
you to see how you actually debug
a real issue with your MCP servers.
Okay, now, if you were going to
guess how to use a resource,
how would you guess if you guessed?
Plus sign?
I'm impressed because that's
not what I would have guessed.
Add from Issue Server Database Schema,
another issue.
Let's take a look.
Rows Map is not a function.
So I hit this issue right here,
I probably called it the wrong thing.
All right, so it's saying Rows
map is not the right thing.
>> Student: Should just be map,
instead of maps.
>> Brian Holt: Maps, thank you.
Too many S's.
So if you were following along with me and
you put maps one,
shame on you [LAUGH], two,
you were also mutually incorrect as me.
Okay, let's try again.
If you're saying, Brian,
this is a very weird debugging loop,
I would agree with you.
Okay, put on here, add from Issues
Server Database schema and there we go.
We got 54 lines and you can actually click
on and see what it's going to be provided.
This is what's useful about resources.
So database schema, probably not the most
interesting thing that we could have done,
but what you can see here is like adding
a Google Doc as a resource probably does
make sense, right?
Like you're doing like, hey,
I wanna interrogate this PDF,
add this PDF as a resource.
Every time that you're attaching
an image or attaching a big old file,
it's attaching it as a resource, right?
I'm showing you how to do that with just
like database schemas and stuff like that.
But that's the concept here that
you're thinking about, like, okay,
I could attach like a Google Doc to this
and then ask it questions about that.
Explain to me my schema
in plain English for
a GitHub style issue tracker.
See what it says.
Hopefully you're kinda getting like,
this is where this could be useful to you.
If you wanted to be able to provide
these resources dynamically, or
you're building some sort of CMS and
you want to be able to ask questions about
a specific article,
I could see that being useful here.
But you'd have to build some ability
to add those resources individually as
registered resources as opposed to
being some sort of dynamic thing.
So you have to kinda think through that.